The
I want to live, I'm a Sumida, I'm a Sumida
Today's guest at the So is the stylish festival man Ttori's
Today is this cool to Tori-san
I would like you to explain a bit about how to dye ob, thank you
Please
Well
I will explain how to tighten the band There is a thin reading on the side A little good at the end
Supplement by half that maintained guy
Aside
I will match
And that
I will wrap the instep of the franc more than 1
This is the prefecture brew 1 I 'm flying head etc
It is a princess who runs away quickly when wearing or taking off, and a the islanders are here
Let's hem this in half again a
Adjust the length of your stomach ride to your own length and this band will also be
There is a little supplement half in
And then because I was this garbage
above
You have
A number of crosses standing north of the obi across the beginning of the die
Out from under you may as normally heard it said that day once
If you lower it, fold it in half and make it like that
Next time, it's confusing this with the previous guy
Toni
Lower
Then it is good here
Can be shaped like a pot
This is the conclusion that the so-called quarrel Conclusion
If you are in a hurry and hear something, it's here right away
Number of pit Lorts 2
To something when such easy to jump head guts to take the change into in a hurry when you go like in Cagiva
With good
It is how to bind
There is no one who is doing it this way , please try it by all means.
I think I can decide on a small festival
Yes So please try to everyone challenge
nice to meet you
Thank you for watching the video
Thank you in advance if you like the rewards
Hmm